Render README (#20)
giantswarm/k8s-initiator-app: README.md

An application that runs as daemonset only in the master nodes (by default) to maintain the state of some Kubernetes resources through cluster upgrades or master replacements.

> For example: To persist a Pod Security Policy, provide this values configuration at installation time it will create or overwrite the pod security policy `restricted` even if cluster is upgraded:

Author: ```suggestion
For example: To persist a Pod Security Policy, provide this values configuration at installation time. When a cluster is upgraded, it will either create `restricted` or overwrite the pod security policy to `restricted`.
```

The long sentence is not so clear to me... Is my modification wrong? Or does it make it clearer?
